{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 Presentation Script
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
*Video Plays*
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pranav:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 We wanted to gauge the level of interest in our audience before fully committing to developing our final product. To do that, we split our beta testers into three \'93experimental groups\'94 for each price point: $15, $20, $25. To each group of testers, we sent an email containing a unique link to a version of our site. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ihsan:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 We created three metrics to organize the data we collected: 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ihsan:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 The first one was clicking the link to our site. If a recipient took the time to read our email and actually click our link, we understood that as a good thing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
David:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 The second metric was watching the video embedded on the site. A second click means more engagement and a demonstrates particular interest in seeing our product work.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pranav:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 The third metric was the most interesting one. To (hypothetically) purchase our beta device, real customers would have to spend money. In our fake beta, we decided to simulate that by asking customers to send us an email. This help us would distinguish between actual customers from window shoppers. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Krishna:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Across all three groups, around 40% of testers clicked through to our site. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Furthermore, everyone who came to our site watched the video at least once. In fact, at least two people watched the video more than one time. We think that\'92s because the video is so short. This also tells us that visitors stayed on the site for long enough to read what we have written and watch the video.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
David: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Unfortunately, for the third metric, we did not receive any emails. We think that\'92s because our audience, largely comprised of Cooper students, was too small and frankly too busy to really engage with us. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Krishna:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 We intend to do another fake beta with a different, larger audience of young, tech-oriented consumers. A larger sample size means greater statistical significance. We also plan on improving our website to better explain our product to people who haven\'92t heard of our device before. Consulting experts on consumer psychology, marketing strategists and design experts are also on the list. }